- It's good insight.
You're a smart guy, Dax.
- Stop talking.
- Stop it.
(upbeat music)
- You know what I love doing?
- I'm sure everyone loves this,
but I love getting like the retail box of a thing.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- So then it feels like I have it at home, you know?
Like, I can just have one for a second.
- Yeah, yeah, like you're at the store.
- Uh-huh.
- Yeah, I do this a lot, yeah.
- That's the thing that Laura bars over there too.
- Yeah.
Oh, do you still do Laura bars?
I haven't done it right now.
- I haven't for a while,
but then Liz randomly bought them again.
- They're so good.
- She's needed something in the morning.
- Yeah, despite them not sponsoring us, they're so good.
- I've been drinking this electrolyte water every time.
- Yeah, what's it called?
- You get back from the gym.
- Element.
- Yeah.
- I drink element.
- Show me an element, we go way back.
- Nice.
- So, Liz had been getting them for a while
and I would drink them
and I realized I just liked the lime ones
and I was like, man, there's no way
they just sell a lime box,
but they do just sell a lime box.
- They do.
(laughing)
- I buy boxes of the grapefruit
at which I highly recommend the grapefruit flavor.
- Okay, I'll try that one.
- It's delicious.
- Yeah, they, I can't believe you drink element
and you don't listen to podcasts
'cause I feel like everyone who drinks element
has just heard it on all the podcast ads
'cause they advertise.
- It's like advertised?
- Oh, yeah.
- Well, people are hearing on this podcast.
- Well, that's true.
Yeah, but we're not getting paid for it,
which is the difference between our podcast
and most podcasts.
(laughing)
Now, like all the big podcasts,
they all advertise element, heavily.
- Oh, interesting.
Well, it's good.
What's crazy is I was drinking it for a while
and I was like, oh, this is just like sugar water,
but then there's no sugar in it.
It's all, it's like fake sweetener.
- That's the salt water.
- And so it's like not like Gatorade.
- Yeah, okay, fake sweeteners.
Here's the topic.
I feel like science continues to advance.
There are so many different fake sweeteners.
They're all garbage, except for alulos.
Do you have an opinion on this?
- So I think it's less about the sweetener
and more about how it's used
because I've had things with like monk fruit
that's tasted good.
- Okay, yeah.
- I've had things without the taste, that's tasted bad.
So what is this?
So this is stevia and I usually hate stevia.
- Yeah, if they just like, so element drinks,
salty, delicious drink, doesn't need to be that sweet.
If it's something that needs to be sweet,
like it's a dessert or something,
then like, is xylitol or your rythritol, whatever, awful.
Like I just, you can tell it's just fake sweet.
It's like diet coke.
At least what diet coke used to be
when I had it last time when I was a kid.
Yeah, the alulos stuff is the most recent,
I think most recent thing in this world
because science probably figured it out.
It doesn't have any side effects that I know of.
Like it doesn't affect your digestion.
Like I think the sugar alcohols can mess with people.
Kind of messes with me.
Alulos has no nutritional profile.
Your body just ignores it.
It's just kind of cool, but it's quite sweet.
- Does it have like that fake sweetener aftertaste?
- No, that's what I'm saying.
It's got the profile of like,
they even sell it in like a powder.
You like sprinkle on stuff like sugar
and it just feels like you have sugar on it.
- They sell monk fruit sweetener in that same way.
I should.
- Yeah, monk fruit's another good one.
- I've probably had something with it in there.
- Okay, artificial sweetener tier list.
Let's go.
(laughs)
I'm just kidding.
- I mean, it sounds like Alulos is the best
and it sounds like monk fruit is a pretty good idea.
- Alulos and monk fruit are up there.
S tier, the rest of them F tier, dog water.
- Have you had those?
It's like, oh, I forgot the name of the brand,
but they basically copy normal candy,
but it's made with fake sweetener.
- It's like 10 times more.
Is that what that is?
They have like the Swedish fish and the fake Swedish fish.
- Oh, no, that's a smart sweets.
Wow, I don't wait too much for that piece.
(both laughing)
- Yeah, smart sweets.
Yeah, we get those for the kids.
I don't really, I'm not really into fruit gummies.
I'm not like playing a boy, like I don't eat them.
I just don't love, I thought I'm a chocolate guy.
Chocolate carl.
- Yeah, but I like to mix it up.
I don't discriminate.
- The joy rider is like the,
they have like, fake twizzlers and fake.
- Are they good?
- Oh my God, these are real sugar.
These are not like a fake sugar.
So I don't even know.
- Oh, so they're just bootleg?
It's not like a hell of a thing?
- No, they're marketed as like 80% less sugar.
- Okay.
- And I think they do supplement with some other sweetener,
but they do have real sugar in them.
Whereas smart sweets, I think don't have any.
- I mean, 80% less means I can eat 80% more.
- I know, that's what I'm saying.
What?
So they make these bags of these like ropes.
They're like cherry ropes.
They make other flavors probably.
They are so good.
And the entire bag is like a hundred calories.
And you feel like you just ate an entire bag of like,
twizzlers.
I mean, it's like, they're very satisfying.
You should get some joy ride.
They're delicious.
- Joy ride candy.
I haven't heard of this one.
- While we're talking about candy that is like crazy
nutritionally sparse is the word.
Like low calorie for what it is.
Like you can't believe when you're eating it,
that it's not that much energy in it.
There's these chocolate bars, Gatsby.
Look them up.
- Gatsby chocolate bars.
Okay, so I just.
- Delicious.
- So I've been, it's gotten even too hot for me
to run outside.
So I've been going to, I've been using the gas passes
at Liz's gym, which is an equinox.
And they have like a selection of protein bars
in the front.
And there's one that looks like,
it just looks so like circusy and like over the tie.
Kind of looks like something that Mr. Beast would sell.
- True bar?
- So I got it.
- No, it's not true bar.
Okay, I got it and it tastes so good.
It tastes just like a straight out candy bar.
It is the most hilarious texture I've ever,
like I've never eaten a food.
It's like so clear that this is not food.
Cause it's like, it's like rubbery and it stretches.
It feels like a melted eraser or something.
- When I looked at the ingredients and they're like,
it's not like it's like bad for you.
It's just, for whatever reason, it's just, it's like,
there's no way food was supposed to be this consistency.
- They're learning stuff.
I like they're learning how,
so protein bars are a good example.
They're learning how to not have protein bars taste
like cardboard and not just like have that terrible texture.
That's why I said science earlier.
Like I feel like there is like a food science thing
going on, but they just keep finding ways
to like make food tastier, but not quite as bad for you.
- Well, like we don't even know.
Our bodies have never had this stuff in our body.
You know what I mean?
Like humans haven't had to digest aluelos before.
What do we really know?
- Yeah.
So this protein bar is called a, it's built,
the name of that is built.
And then I get this brownie batter one
and I just ordered like my own box.
- Yeah.
- But yeah, the first ingredient is just collagen protein blend.
The weird thing in it is like the palm oil,
but like it's close to the bottom
and like so many things of palm oil.
So collagen and then like I guess a gelatin
is what gives it this like crazy like.
- Like a rubbery.
- Yeah, but it's like soft.
So I don't know, for me it's like, I know it's so unnatural,
but I just love it.
Like I love how weird it feels and it tastes delicious.
- Yeah.
- I'm very distracted, Casey is vacuuming right above me.
Like the way it sounds, it doesn't sound like vacuuming
and I barely hear it.
- You can hear it.
- I barely hear it.
- It sounds like low scraping in the background.
- Yeah, she's got like the little hand vac,
just like it's the quick vacuuming.
Do you have like four vacuums?
We have like so many vacuums.
- We've, I mean, our house is smaller.
So we usually can't store too many of the same thing.
- Yeah.
- We've gone through so many vacuums over the years though,
but we're really happy with what we have now,
which is a meal.
- I forgot how you pronounce it, M-I-E-L-E.
- It's like not.
- Vacuums, they make like kitchen appliances, I think.
- Yeah, exactly.
It's not like, so we went through so many dice.
Dyson is a scam brand.
I'm like convinced.
- Did you hear that?
- Yeah.
- I think that was a vacuum falling.
It was a dyson, so maybe I'll just get a meal.
Meal after a dyson breaks.
- We've been through so many dyson vacuums
'cause they just constantly break.
They look cool and you're like, oh, it's cordless
and like, you know, all this stuff, but I think they just suck.
I think we all just fall for the marketing
and then we switch to this one and it has a bag,
which seems like, oh no, a bag, but like,
we rarely ever have to change it.
And when we do, which is like, it's super easy
and it's way better than whatever shit happens with a dyson.
- Yeah, I don't like the dyson.
I mean, it's just like a giant,
it just feels like it's gonna break every time I use it.
It's just this giant plastic thing.
- Yeah.
- And like the inner workings of it,
but it's just like our like, somebody spilled something
right there and we've already done floors.
We have like a central vac that we did the whole house with.
- Do you like the central vac?
I remember my parents had it in our house growing up
and, okay, how does your central vac work?
The one in my parents house was annoying
'cause it just had the slots in the wall everywhere.
And then there was like this giant like cord.
- How does he have to carry around?
- Yeah, they can plug in.
- Yeah, so that's not how ours works.
And this is the life hack.
If you ever build a house,
this is how you do central vac, we've done it twice.
They have these high to hose that go in the walls.
They actually go in the floor joists.
So the hose is in the wall.
There's like four different points in our house
that have a hose and you just like bring the attachment
and connect the hose and the hose drags out of the wall.
It's amazing. - Oh, cool.
That was really nice.
Yeah.
'Cause only the central vac concept makes a lot of sense
but this hose thing sucks.
- Yeah, yeah.
The hoses are in the wall.
I know a lot about vacuums.
I'm just thinking about how much I've thought about this
in my life and it's way too GD much.
Like Adam loves to suck.
- The two, just the two, I mean, the two times we've built
like the central vac was like this big decision point
and like all the different, I don't know.
But we also have the two robot vacuums
that are like never used.
And I don't know why we have those.
We have central vac.
- We have a robot vacuum too.
It just lives under my shelf there and I never use it also.
We use use it a lot with pets
'cause the pets are a huge thing.
But like in New York, it ran every morning
and it was like a huge, it made a huge difference
of how much just stuff was on the ground.
But now we just, we have someone come to our house
and clean every week.
So it just hasn't been an issue.
- I feel like everybody gets a central vac
or gets a robot vacuum with like the idea
that I'll never have to vacuum again.
And then at some point you just never use it again.
I don't know what it is.
- Did you, did you try the ones that mop also?
- No, we've seen, we've talked about this so many times
and I've just known, we'll get one, it will disappoint
and then it'll never be used again, like.
- There's that new one everyone's been talking about.
- I want it to cube with like the vacuum in the front.
Everyone's been like, "Oh, this is so good."
A bunch of people would really have one, I remember.
- Okay.
- Does it, does it mop?
- Does it mop?
- I think, I think it also mops.
Everyone says, "It's great."
- Mm, okay.
- The reason I saw it was, it's got this cool
onboarding thing where when you open the box,
it like knows your name already.
That somehow they like program your order name
and it says like, it says hi
and it like rolls out of the box on its own.
- Oh, wow, you just opened that little door
and it just drives on out.
- That's like a really nice detail.
- Yeah, huh.
Well, if it's good at the mopping part,
I like, I love clean floors.
I love the feeling on my bare feet
when you've just mopped, I kind of love it.
I use like too much spray, like I like to do it myself
'cause I over spray, so it's still a little damp.
Just love that feeling, I don't think I'm weird.
(laughing)
- That's so funny.
- There's stuff I want to talk about today
and you're going to file it under like,
it's our podcast, we can do whatever we want.
Like, I thought maybe I shouldn't talk about this
'cause I don't know, I don't want to come off as like
throwing people under the bus or like,
just shitting out other people.
- We're going to do it because I just have strong feelings.
Yeah, okay, you were going to bring it up
'cause you just got on a Twitter fight.
Yeah, of course, of course this would have come up.
That's why I thought of it even.
Like, should we talk about that?
Yeah, we should.
- You start.
- You go first.
- No, no, you were the one picking it up.
(laughing)
- Okay, well here's what I'm going to say.
Normally, like on Twitter,
I would just quote tweets on something like this
and no, everyone can just like,
not know who I'm talking about.
I feel a little better 'cause I got to say the thing
that's annoying to me,
but I didn't have to really call anybody out
and be like, everybody look at them.
And like, I do a lot of these tweets.
In fact, I think like the last few weeks
this is all my Twitter has been where it's just like,
I'm really like upset about somebody
and I don't want to be this way.
But I'm just annoyed by something
and I'm just tweeting for my own sake
to like get something out.
- Yeah, to convince.
- Yeah.
On the podcast, I feel like there's more context,
like I can say more words
and you can see that I'm a human being
and I'm not just an asshole saying mean things
about other people.
So with all that said,
we got to talk about AMP
because they drive me crazy
and we, I mean, we've definitely talked about it in private
and now some of it is made it into public
where there's tweets flying back and forth
between you and the AMP co-founder or founder source graph.
Here's, I'm just going to say my piece
and I don't know, I maybe already regret this.
Do you already regret this, Dex?
- No, I don't.
- Okay, you don't.
Of course you don't, your dad's.
I'm from the Midwest, so I very regret it.
I'm sure they're all lovely people.
All 75 of them on Twitter 'cause I swear to God,
I've never seen more people work at one company.
Is it just that I saw one of the tweets?
- Every single day, I see a new,
I discover a new person that works there.
- It's insane.
- Yeah.
- So first observation, there are many of them
and they're very vocal about their way
and this is what bothers me.
If you're a co-founder in any like area,
not just AI tools, but in the AI tool space,
this is the one that stands out for me.
If you're building something or you work
in an early stage startup and there's just a small team
and you're very excited about what you're building,
just like understand you could be wrong.
And I think that's the biggest thing for me,
working on this AI stuff.
We don't have any idea what's going on.
Nobody has any idea.
In five years, it's all gonna look very different than this.
And some of that'll be because the technology advances
or whatever, a lot of it'll just be because
we didn't know what we were doing when we're building right now.
And the problem I have with the Hint people
is that they're so certain that they will figure out
the best way and just let them have their moment
to figure it out and they'll come back to,
they'll come down from the mountain
and the stow upon developers,
God's gift to AI assistant programming.
That is the whole vibe and it permeates the entire company.
So I'm sure it's like a couple of personalities
that really have that feeling that they can figure it out
and then they'll let everyone know when they figure it out.
So they tweet in such a way that's like very authoritative
and like, we know what's going on.
And then when you say something,
if you wanna get into the Twitter stuff,
like they try to kind of backtrack,
but it's like everything they say is just in that light
of we know best and it drives me crazy.
And now there's a lot more I could say,
but I don't know maybe that's enough.
- No, that is a good summary.
It is a, it's, I mean, the thing I would like to learn
from them is how did they get such a consistent
and tight culture across our company?
'Cause all, every time I see, again, every day,
I discover a new person that works there
and they're always saying the exact same thing
and they're talking to the exact same way.
- Which they got that like, it's not a culture,
but it's very, it's very tight.
- It's consistent, yeah.
So I've seen a couple companies like that.
Dan Gilbert is like a Detroit,
he's a billionaire that owns like sports teams and stuff.
He has the quick and loans and like a hundred other companies.
And I remember visiting the quick and loans campus
and like getting a tour.
Every single one of those employees
like could tell you their little isms
or whatever they call them.
There's like this crazy, crazy synced culture
where they all think exactly the same
or they just like all understand Dan's philosophy on life
and in business and they can recite it to you.
It reminds me of that, but way worse way.
- It's crazy.
So there's a thing I posted a few weeks ago
and this is like something that me and Liz talked about
and something that we realized.
So I posted something about there's this vibe
that you can put out there where it's like really chill
and confident that it's taken me a very long time
to understand that's actually a sign of an amateur.
And the reason that I understood this
is 'cause I finally put together that,
hey, I used to do this.
I remember like when me and Liz were working on something
together like very early on
and we would talk to customers,
we had this exact same like laid back,
like, oh yeah, this space is crazy.
But like, you know, we're good at this stuff.
And like we're coming in and it's like easy for us
and whatever.
And if I really think hard about that,
I'm like, that was just us convincing ourselves
that we were gonna succeed despite like having
nothing to really show yet.
So now when I see that, I like recognize it.
I'm like, oh, this is a thing you do.
And of course, when you're in it,
you don't feel like that's what you're doing.
You feel like you are confident and you are,
and you are, you know, whatever.
- Sure.
But now I don't operate that way at all.
I am just like, this space is crazy.
There's such a small window to get something in that works.
And like, I'm like, just like spastically like looking
for it and chasing it.
And I know that it's gonna look different every single week
and every single day.
- Yeah.
- So I can't, I just can't do this calm thing.
So but now on the other side of it,
I'm like looking at the other companies in this space.
And I'm like, why are you so chill?
Like, you should be going insane right now.
Like looking at like where you are,
the size of the opportunity,
how much money is going into this space.
Like there is no room for like calm confidence.
Like it's just not a real thing.
And going back to the thing that you were saying,
it's a, yeah, I also find them annoying
because it's not like they're just,
I mean, it's annoying just to like that to be your culture.
But it's, they're also like telling other companies
in the space stuff.
So there was interaction with someone that worked there
replying to someone at Klein.
And he was like, yeah, I don't think you guys,
you guys' thing will work.
Like I think you're, the way your positions
is not gonna work.
Like here in, and like, he was basically telling them
like it's, your stuff is not gonna work.
And what's funny is AMP is a VS code extension
and Klein is a VS coding extension.
So I saw the interaction.
I'm like, oh, like let me go check
to see what the downloads are.
Look at AMP, 32,000 downloads.
Okay, look at Klein, two million downloads.
I'm like, how can you go and tell these people anything at all?
Like I get, they've been around longer or whatever,
but like shut the fuck up.
Like your hair should be on fire.
Being like, how are they crushing us so bad?
You know?
Like to like then go and like try to tell them something.
You're not really telling them anything.
You're just trying to tell yourself
that your thing is gonna work.
- Yeah, so now that you've framed it that way,
it all makes a lot more sense to me
that it's more like convincing themselves.
It's like a, yeah, it's a false confidence
that helps them get through the day, maybe.
I don't know, I've never been a confident person.
I've always been very anxious.
Like this has not been a problem of mine
when I was less experienced where I was like calm.
Just never been calm in my life.
So I can't relate to any of that,
but I'm just gonna assume that's what's going on.
- Yeah, it's just funny.
And I think it was just like a few people, whatever,
but it's just, there's so many of them.
- There's so many of them.
- Yeah, so like you mentioned,
I finally like couldn't hold it anymore
and I like finally dunked on them a couple of days ago
or was it yesterday when I remember when it was?
And I thought it was so funny
'cause their CEO replied,
and then I replied with their download count
and we were just like completely ratioing him.
And then I kept seeing employees from AMP retweeting
their CEO's post.
And I'm like, this is so funny.
Maybe this is why you hire certain people
so you can get like more retweets.
But then even that was done in a stupid way
'cause they were retweeting a post
where in the reply he was getting ratioed.
So they were just kind of amplifying the dunk.
So like this is just like,
this stuff blows my mind
because I've seen this happen a lot
where there are people that are all roughly the same age.
We're all in the same generation, you know, give or take.
And in my head, I'm like everyone from our generation
like understands the internet
and like understands social media
'cause we grew up with it.
But then I always see stuff like this
and I'm just like, oh, I guess there's actually
a subculture here where people just don't get it.
Yeah.
Do you remember all the drizzle and prism interactions?
Like the Prisma COO would always just like,
he's like a guy in his 50s or 60s.
He was maybe like five or 10 years older than me.
But like he just could not understand
when drizzle was making a joke.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's not everybody.
I guess not everybody in the millennial generation just,
I mean, I guess Gen Z people are laughing at us
and saying we don't get the internet.
But I mean, like we get the internet
from a millennial standpoint.
We get enough of it.
There's definitely a stark contrast.
We've interacted with a few different companies
in this very specific space that clearly don't get
and understand the internet or social media.
Maybe it's this space.
Maybe there's something about developers working in,
I don't know.
But like, so you take, I've seen other things.
Like you see planet scale people, like,
the planet scale CEO, like Sam is really funny on Twitter.
And like even when he gets into like little engagements
like this, he's like funny in this way.
And then I see his competitors just like not be able
to process that at all.
There is like, you know,
(laughing)
just don't know what to do with it.
I'm like, what, what were you guys doing?
Like, did you just get the internet recently?
I don't understand.
- Yeah, there's some trait.
And I'm trying to like, I don't have the brain
to like figure this out.
But there is definitely some trait
that just does not resonate online.
And lots of these people, they probably feel like
they're resonating, but like, it's just, it's just,
it's the ick.
I don't know, something about their social media presence
is just like, it's off.
It's just like Uncanny Valley.
Like you're not actually a person.
I don't know what you are, but that sounds, I don't know.
I just feel like this is, it's our podcast.
So we can talk about where we want.
But it does feel weird to be on a podcast,
like saying our side of things
and talking about interactions
when they can't defend themselves.
So I don't know, if you wanted to defend yourselves,
maybe take a story.
- They can do their own podcast, whatever.
- They do their own podcast.
Yeah, they can, they can say what they want about us.
And are we the asshole?
I'm starting to wonder, like we're getting in a lot of fights
with a lot of other AI assistant companies.
- Are we?
- I mean, I feel like we've got a little history.
The beginning of "Opencoats" started with,
that one doesn't count.
It doesn't count, okay, so we're not the asshole.
- Cool.
- It's fine.
I mean, Liz did point this out to me.
She was like, oh, you and your friends
are like very good at internet stuff.
And she was explaining to me, like, yeah,
most people aren't that way.
'Cause in my head, I'm like, oh, we all were like
on AIM and instant messaging.
And like everything kind of flows from that origin.
But I guess for a lot of people,
that's kind of where it started and stopped
and they kind of grew out of it.
And we just never grew out of it.
Yeah, that's an interesting way to put it.
Like they took a break and came back to the internet.
That's kind of what it feels like.
It feels like people who came back
'cause they had a reason they need to be on the internet
to like promote their thing.
It's like every time I've ever gone to Reddit,
I'm not a Reddit user.
I only go when I want to like post something I did.
Like, look, I did a cool thing.
So like to them, they're like, who is this asshole?
That's how we feel about these people.
- Right, right, right, right.
They just don't get like the vibe here.
Like, this is a Wendy's, sir.
It's something like that.
- Yeah, the other thing that's funny is a...
So I was thinking about this so much
and I'm like, I think I'm gonna take a hard position on this.
When someone is in my face aggressive mean rude to me,
that obviously pulls out a reaction.
When someone is fake polite to me,
I think that deserves a 10X reaction.
'Cause I think that's just like way worse.
And to me, it's like, it radiates in neon.
It's obvious that this is like technically polite,
but passive aggressive and the words were chosen carefully,
chosen carefully, and there's like a political correctness to it.
- Yeah, for me, that just radiates.
I can see that and I'm just like, fuck this.
- Yeah.
- For other people, they don't register it.
They're like, oh, this is like...
- This is how we speak on LinkedIn.
- Yeah, exactly.
- This is what we do.
We say, I'd like to be your competitor.
This is fun.
- Someone replied to my reply being like,
oh, he tried to be polite.
I'm like, you dumbass.
This is not politeness.
This is that stupid Silicon Valley saying...
- Yeah.
- Writing a fucking three paragraph thing
and the thing they actually wanna say is hidden in there.
- Yeah.
- To me, I'm just like, this has gotta end.
We can't, just 'cause it's technically polite
and you look like a dick replying to it in a non polite way,
that's the problem.
So then someone can always employ that
and you're kind of paralyzed
'cause you don't want other people to think you're being rude.
But that thing is rude in the first place, right?
- Right, yeah.
- It's better to change you on a scene.
- Yeah, be rude in the first place or just say nothing.
That's another option too.
- Yeah, it's just, I feel like it,
this is the first time I've worked in AI.
I feel like this space is even extra like
snake oil, sleazy, weird marketing BS.
- Fake and a legible, I think is probably another.
- Fake and a legible, yeah.
- That's what they're saying.
- We're so smart 'cause we, you know,
had a call on LLM API, like, shut up.
- Yeah, just stop.
- It's a, yeah, the other thing is a,
I'm like trying to, 'cause I can,
there's some hints here that feel familiar
because the previous wave I was a part of
was like all this like front-endy tech framework stuff.
- And I will say it's similar in that there was a lot of like,
we know the best way you should do it our way.
But I think the difference was,
when they say we know the best way,
there was a literal way you could look at and understand
and criticize and point two,
which made it a lot more tolerable
'cause you can like argue against it.
In this space, it just feels like we know the best way.
And it's a secret, but trust me, it works really well.
But it's a secret, we can't show you what it is,
but it works really well.
So there's like, it's very similar,
but there's nothing to actually look at.
- Yeah, there's no way to measure either.
- Yeah, so what a measure.
It's very confusing.
- If someone did have the best way,
let's say someone actually does right now,
have the best way.
There's no way of proving that or knowing that.
Like there's no, right?
There's no like benchmark right now that's like,
it's all vibes.
It's like, I like Cloud Code 'cause Cloud Code Pretty
and it feels good.
That's what people, they just use Cloud Code for that reason.
It's not like anyone can measure the difference.
- Yeah, and there are benchmarks and stuff, but like,
yeah, this is such a complex space.
You change one variable and it cascades
in such a crazy way.
Like, for all you know, all we know,
like using short function names across your code base
might totally change the behavior of the whole thing.
Like any like little variable like that,
what language you're using, like the patterns
that you write with, like the maturity of your code base.
It's just, it's so hard to take anyone saying,
oh, I had a good experience with this tool
and it's better than that tool.
Like you can find someone's in the exact opposite.
- Almost. - Yep.
- Almost always.
So yeah, it's like a dumb space.
And the other thing that's funny is initially,
you know, when I was new to it, I was like,
okay, everyone's saying, oh, our team spent a week
without sleeping to do all these optimization
for this new model.
So I'm like, oh, wow, that's crazy.
Let me go look into, I want our stuff to be optimized too.
Like, let me go look into it.
What can I do?
Oh, I can change two variables.
Oh, I can fuck with this as some prompt
and it like kind of works.
- Kind of works. - Oh, like, you know,
like I guess the edit tool sometimes doesn't work.
So ignore white space.
- Yeah. - That took a week (laughs)
of me casually poking into it.
And that's it.
Like, am I missing something?
What am I, what are these optimizations that I'm missing?
And then even before I implemented that,
people were already using our stuff being like,
wow, this is so much better than Clothco.
(both laugh)
- 'Cause it's all vibes.
And if somebody has a good experience with your thing,
then they're sold and they're convinced
that every other tool is garbage.
- Yeah, but which I'm fine with.
- Yeah, there's a lot of, it's easy to create good vibes,
make a product feel good.
- Yeah, that's what we're trying to do
is just make a good product, which is fun.
Okay, I'm done.
Now, there's one other thing I wanted to say
on the AMP thing that reminded me of just the way
they approach it, but I think I've said enough.
It's fine.
If you guys, if the AMP people want to like,
I don't know, respond to this, I don't know.
Do we need to like, I don't need to give them an invitation.
Okay, that's fine.
- If your response is, I'm gonna be inclined to respond to this
and we've already been over how I'm better at internet.
So it's probably, it does feel weird to call people out
on a podcast.
I don't know, something about it just kind of feels weird.
- Yeah, I've probably done it like a hundred times.
And I should just, you know.
- And we've suffered consequences for it.
- Have we?
- Well, I've suffered consequences for it.
- I've already got a partially worded email.
- Oh, no.
Do you check email?
I don't check my email anymore.
I just realized at some point in the last few weeks,
I stopped checking email, maybe in the last few months.
Like I just don't even look at it anymore.
And that's bit me a couple of times.
- I have like, I'm like increasing my email checkage
of anything 'cause.
- Oh really?
- Just 'cause there's more stuff coming in at us.
So like, just generally.
So sometimes I find some good stuff in there.
- I don't get email 'cause I'm an individual contributor.
- That's the problem.
(laughing)
- There's nothing that anybody would email me for.
Someone sent me an email, please.
I'd like to get something.
I don't know in my inbox that was worth reading.
- I don't know why, but it reminded me of Frank
for some reason.
So what's funny about Frank is you give him a clear task.
He will just do it.
No questions to ask.
He will just do it into completion.
And we're like, hey, Frank, you should like get a picture
with all the AI companies in China and every single thing.
And like, in fact, that was me.
I'm like, yeah, like maybe I'll do that, you know,
if I remember.
But every single day, like boom, new picture,
new picture of Frank next to a logo.
And like we're up to three now.
- That's awesome.
Oh man.
- Yeah.
- Are you still, okay, it's getting into the Chinese AI models.
Are you still using Quintry?
Is that your daily driver?
- I switched back to Sonic 4,
but I'm thinking about switching to the GLM stuff.
And then GLM putting out some new releases this week.
And I was looking at our numbers
and like GLMs are most popular model now.
Like last week.
- On open router anyway.
- So yeah, so it seems like people are into it.
Yeah, I think the only issue with it is it's,
they only serve a 128K context window right now
for me, not a problem.
But I think generally people will find that tight.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, and I think I'm waiting for like,
yeah, once we do our like US deployment of it,
it'll be a lot more accessible, I think.
'Cause right now it's a hosted in Singapore.
- We haven't talked about GVD-5,
have we on the podcast?
- I don't think so.
- First of all, where did the prompts land?
Where was beast mode prompt?
It was nevermind, use the codecs prompt back and forth.
What is the prompt prompt?
- Yeah, so I tried so many different ones.
I tried them basically.
We would swap out default in open code every other day
and see what people thought.
The latest one is the newest beast mode
that's in VS Code co-pilot.
I think it landed an okay balance of a few things.
So the struggle with it was,
it's very easy to put it into a state
where it just asks you for confirmation
for every single step.
But you can do it.
It's just like, should I do this?
Should I do this and you just go, yes, yes, yes.
Or you can put it into a state
where it is just gonna go for two hours
and just do like all this stuff.
So the newest one is like,
it seems to thread that balance decently.
It's still not perfect.
I still think it asks too much for confirmation,
but that's better than it like running running wild.
But yeah, now there's other people like,
I don't know if you saw again,
this goes back to no one really being able to,
I am generally a huge fan of anecdotal evidence.
And I still am for this stuff,
but anecdotal evidence is especially weak
given how non-deterministic this stuff is.
But now everyone's saying that
for cursor users are saying that GPT-5 was really bad.
Theo was saying that what he tried originally
with cursor was amazing.
And now he's trying to say himself again and it's terrible.
So yeah, it's kind of unclear what variables I'm changing.
- There's a history with OpenAI.
This rhymes with every other release they've had
where it's like really good for the first week,
really bad after that.
Is it just, are they literally just cutting costs
in like quantization or whatever quant,
quantizing it, quantizing?
- Quantizing, I don't know the right things.
So, okay, so I had a long conversation
with Claude the other day trying to really understand
the practicality of some of these things.
'Cause I was looking at GOM and I was like, okay,
they train it at 32-bit precision.
So if we deploy a 32-bit precision, like what does this take?
And it like told me the hardware requirements.
I'm like, that's pretty huge.
And I'm like, how many tokens can this support per second
with batch?
And it was like one to 200 per second.
I don't know if this is correct,
but I'm like, that is so slow for that much hardware.
Like, that is so expensive.
- Yeah, I've not heard of people running 32-bit.
- Yeah, so I'm like, does OpenAI even do that?
'Cause they have, not only do they have that same problem,
they have hundreds of millions of users.
- Right.
- Like so many more users than everyone else.
- Do we know things like that?
Like, do we know like what they're training at?
Like, what, like is it 16?
- Pretty much everyone trains at,
so it's a mix of 16 and 32.
It's like, it'll blend depending on operation.
The reason is because the current generation
of NVIDIA hardware is optimized for that.
- They're interesting.
The next generation basically can let you train at FP4,
I think, or FP4, maybe FP8, I forgot what it is.
So all the inference providers are hoping
that next generation models are natively at this smaller size
so that they can perform better and run smaller.
But yeah, I'm thinking like, man, OpenAI's models
must be giant, even bigger than these open source ones.
And they have way more users.
Anything with anthropic.
So I'm like, how, the numbers aren't adding up.
Like there's no way they could like,
they have to do this, they have to.
- Yeah.
- Unless there's like other ways to optimize it
I'm not aware of, maybe there are,
but there's no way that they can possibly serve this demand.
- Yeah, and it's interesting that goes back to the whole,
like there's no way to measure this stuff
as a business model, like they can just make more money
by making it a little dumber
and can people really prove that they did?
You know what I mean?
- Yeah, that's the other thing when I'm thinking about
stuff for open code.
Because people are always telling me, oh, do this
and like it gets like 10, 15% better on the benchmarks.
I actually don't care unless a user can tell.
If the user can't feel it, it actually doesn't help us grow.
It doesn't really help us do better.
And you can argue that doing 100 of these
little optimizations add up, sure, fine.
But there really aren't 100 of these little optimizations.
So I'm like not that compelled by a 20% increase
in quality, whatever that means.
So similarly, they're probably very compelled
by a 20% decrease in quality.
'Cause people can't really tell.
And there's so many conspiracy theories about like,
oh, I think they're quantizing.
Like I have proof that they're quantizing.
'Cause like, you know, this one, the model's been worse.
But then anthropic will deny it, which is kind of confusing,
but maybe they have to go with different definitions
that are technically not lying.
There is a new benchmark finally
that's focused on measuring this.
So they are running the same model
against different providers.
I don't know if you saw this,
but bedrock is complete ass.
- I did see that, that's unfortunate.
- Yeah.
Well, it was like 4% lower or something, right?
I mean, the spread on those provider benchmarks
was very tight.
- Well, but that's like a very broad benchmark.
So for our use like the Agentic tool calling.
- Oh, that makes a big answer.
- All the thing, yeah.
- Sure.
- I don't wanna say specific company name
'cause I don't think I'm supposed to know this.
There is a large company
that is stuck with a contract with bedrock
that they're trying to get out of
because they're not having a good experience with it.
- 'Cause they have planets around chips, right?
Like their own internships?
- Yeah.
- So it's not a quick fix for them.
- Or whatever it's called.
- That's probably the, that's the training.
- Yeah, I'm not sure.
- Yeah.
And so I think Google just has sort of been video stuff.
So, yeah, if you use Sonnet
through Google, it's probably a better experience.
So someone's measuring this.
So I think they'll be able to see, okay,
are there like within the same provider,
are there like dips and increases and stuff?
- Yeah, they should just do the one test
that every developer wants to know,
which is like when the US developers wake up
and start working, does it really get worse?
'Cause everybody seems to think so.
It's really interesting.
- Oh, interesting.
You think the people that have,
oh yeah, I guess the people that have like
overlapping time zones, they like feel it get worse?
- Yeah, this is the anthropic thing that people complain
that Sonnet gets way dumber during US working hours.
And then like early morning--
- I wouldn't know 'cause I work US opening up.
- Yeah, I work early morning before--
- Oh, do you think?
- I think most people, I'm not really felt it.
I mean, I definitely have bad sessions,
but I don't ever think like, oh,
it's 'cause it's the afternoon.
Like it does feel like sometimes you just get a session
that was like, it was never gonna get this right.
Like I could have tried 10 times.
But usually I just think like,
I'm just framing the problem wrong.
Like I gotta take on part of the problem
and like break out the part it can do.
Like I generally just assume it was an intractable problem,
not their quantizing.
I think like it is kind of a boogeyman thing
where you can just,
you can start blaming everything on quantizing.
But it is an interesting situation where,
here's the two things for me.
One, they have every motivation
and very little consequence, I guess, if it can't be proved.
- I think they literally have to,
given a number of things.
- Yeah, just to support the demand, yeah.
And they're already melting.
Like they're already like, especially entropic
has so many outages, so many overloaded errors
that like clearly they have a reason they need to do this.
And then two, the Shrek guy on Twitter, XJDR.
- Yeah.
- He believes that they do.
And if he does, it's not a conspiracy theory, it's fact.
He seems very smart.
- He does seem smart, yeah.
Yeah, it's so weird 'cause like, imagine you pay,
'cause this is a, it's kind of confusing
and I get why it's carved for them on their end
because they have a consumer market,
which is their Claude and Chachie PT, whatever.
And then they range from that all the way
to like enterprise B2B.
- Yeah.
- And if I am an enterprise company paying you
for a low level primitive, it's like paying for one CPU
and they're randomly like, oh, we're actually just gonna
give you point one CPU for like this hour.
- Yeah.
- So that's really weird and I can't really think.
- It is.
- I know Amazon has like the noisy neighbor,
or like cloud generally can have like the noisy neighbor thing,
but it's not that big of a deal.
It doesn't really impact things that much.
Whereas here, I'm like, they're kind of ripping you off
in a way.
- It is.
I mean, there has to be some kind of like,
this is the kind of thing
that I feel like gets regulated, right, or something.
But I've seen like Sig Kitten and I've seen XJDR
say things about this.
Like the economics of it are like,
you're basically like paying for this idea of something
and they can just totally change that
without your knowing.
- Make it not work.
- Yeah.
So you're not really getting what you paid for.
I don't know.
It seems like there's consumer protection stuff
that would come into play there.
I don't know.
- Yeah, I mean, this gets really hard
with the people building the next layer of stuff.
Like let's say like both lovable V zero, et cetera.
So one, they're not in control of this,
but they're kind of in the worst position
because they're charging users for a tool
that's supposed to do something.
- Yeah.
- And if the tool doesn't work and you paid for the tokens
and like, what the heck?
It's like, they charge you for a chance of it working.
But at the same time, there's no other model
that can work.
Like what's the alternative?
Like they can't only charge you when it works
'cause then it's totally unfeasible economically.
- It's already unfeasible economically.
Let's be honest.
- Yes, right.
- All the way down to the bottom.
- I feel like that's coming out.
Like there's more articles coming out.
Like the cursor thing yesterday,
it was like a word document,
which why did somebody share a word document on Twitter?
So they just wanna like track how many people read it?
I don't know.
But did you see the like cursors problem?
- Yeah, but that came from the VC who led the round
into Klein, so I know that.
(both laughing)
- Did you read it?
- Yeah.
- I mean, like it seemed logically--
- It's true, it's true.
Like this whole model where you just charge
either a fixed price and then like
people can use whatever usage.
That's obviously not gonna work.
This whole thing where like you're delivering a tool
that's supposed to do something
and you're paying for a situation where it fails.
That's like also kind of weird.
So these are problems to figure out.
I think what is wrong about everyone's take on this is
if their model is wrong
and there is a correct model that is discovered,
they will just move to it.
- Yeah, it's true.
- It's this thing where everyone harps on,
oh, we're different 'cause this is our differentiator.
This is our differentiator.
- Yeah.
- The problem is the moment the market realizes you're right,
the guys bigger than you just adopt that.
And now there's no differentiator.
What are you at this point?
- And like half the world knows what cursor is
and like 32,000 people download an amp.
So good luck with your pricing model.
(both laughing)
- Yeah, it's just not, it's not sustainable.
The more you talk about it, the more you write these things,
the faster maybe they consider that maybe you're right.
- You know?
- Yeah.
- And they shift, but I guess they have tried shifting, right?
Like in the cursor case, they've tried shifting their pricing
and gotten some backlash and then they had to back.
- Yeah, people got pulled it back or?
- I don't know if they pulled it back.
People got mad, but guess what?
Still, we're all still a rounding error compared to them.
- Yeah, it's so true.
Yeah, they turned some big chunk.
It could be a big chunk for every other company,
but for them, it's like, yeah, they're a giant.
- Cursor only has, this is a funny thing.
Whenever people write company's problem,
they compare a big company to a smaller company
doing it differently.
The smaller company is never there, they're a problem.
It's never gonna be an issue.
- Yeah.
- Cursor's problem is Microsoft.
That's it.
That's really all it is.
At the end of the day, they're gonna have
some big battle with Microsoft and someone's gonna win.
Just like Slack had that big battle and they lost.
That is, it's always a bigger company.
The smaller company is not gonna like snipe them
on their own territory, it's just not gonna happen.
- Good insight, you're smart guy, Dax.
You should write a document, a word document
and spread it online.
Like, you're all idiots, just stop.
- Stop talking, stop talking, stop talking, stop it.
Shut up.
- We should start off at GBD5
from more of a normally perspective,
like the launch, the drama around it,
'cause it was like a big internet story.
Like, I think the consensus that I've gathered is like,
well, one, the launch of that was, I mean, it's so bad.
Just like, I don't know why that entire company
doesn't understand something.
They don't have like any introspection or self-reflection.
Something about that event going off like that
and nobody questioning any of it, I don't know.
That's a big smell.
- Super boring event, like four presentations,
like just for a company, just types you gotta meet it.
Like, the amount of like fake trying to be excited
was just, yeah, I don't know.
- Okay, another key thing.
If you are building a company that,
where your product uses an LM,
you need to understand that there is a huge challenge
with demoing, because LM's are slow.
Do not build your demo around,
or your launch, whatever, around showing what LM can do,
'cause you are stuck waiting for it to do its thing,
and then everyone turns to each other
and it starts bullshitting for two minutes.
- They're not even bullshitting.
In the case of the open AI launch thing, the GPT-5 launch,
they are like reading scripted banter.
It's like they're still reading a script,
but they're trying to be normal people
sitting around a table waiting for the LM.
It's just like, yeah, just read the--
- I don't know, that's a solution,
but this is a challenge.
Like, it's hard to demo these things in this format.
So do whatever to avoid that format.
- It is funny, just as a step back, meta,
LLM technology wave.
Like, technology got slower.
Like, the biggest thing in technology right now
is just like 10 times slower than anything
we've ever had to use.
And we all just kind of like accepted it.
We're like, I guess this is just, it's smart.
- Feedback loops are gone these days.
- Yeah, it's rough.
- Yeah, even before LLM's like,
moving more development to cloud stuff,
way worse feedback loops, now with this, yeah.
- Somewhere, DHH is talking about how his feedback loop
didn't get bad.
He still just codes on his little Linux,
Omarky, the Rails app, locally, running Redis,
I don't know, something.
- Well, we also need to talk about Omark,
you probably, in the AUR repository going down.
But GPT5, I think this consensus was,
boring launch event, even more boring model.
Like, people are mostly disappointed,
but mostly just because, I mean, it is better
than the last model.
It's better than their, whatever the previous model,
that they've been hyping GPT5 since,
like before I knew about any of these things,
I think I'd heard of GPT5, like somehow,
that had been like this big milestone
that they put out on the calendar,
that when GPT5 comes, just wait.
And I think everyone was kind of like,
disappointed in light of the hype.
Do you agree?
- Yeah, yeah, 'cause they've been saving this,
this like product name for like a big moment.
Yeah, my feeling is that,
'cause like, yeah, like they, they were,
I mean, back when like 4.1,
and all those little smaller, not smaller,
they were just, they didn't give it that label,
but they were improvements.
They're like, oh, but the GPT5 one's like much better,
so we're saving it.
And I think they failed to deliver,
because we've gotten used to seeing,
like the jump from like three to four
was like really crazy.
And what everyone kept saying was,
oh, there's no signs of slowing down,
there's no signs of slowing down.
- Yeah, scaling law, everything.
- Yeah, exactly, there's no signs of slowing down.
And what I'm seeing is everyone has just shifted,
not just open AI, Grok also,
to just the reasoning approach, you know?
Which all it is is just like,
fronting them even slower and making them do even more
even slower. - Even slower, yeah.
- And I'm sure there's like some training process
to make it good at that, to like squeeze out.
Oh, technically it's like getting the right answer more.
But like, this isn't an advancement,
you just like shifted stuff around.
Like now they're slower,
which means for a whole set of use cases,
they're not very fun.
So people like, oh yeah, GPT5 is nailing this stuff.
I'm like, but it's so slow.
And I hate, like most of my questions tell us
whether it is coding or just using it as a consumer.
- Especially as a consumer, oftentimes I'm using it
as an alternative to Google.
I just need it to like, from its own memory,
spit out whatever it knows.
I don't need to do a web search.
I don't need it to reason.
So when I do that, all of a sudden it's like,
taking a minute to reply.
I'm just like, this is a horrible experience.
The product got worse.
So for me, like, yes, I get that it's technically better,
but this feels like a signal that
the whole scaling is all we need is,
they're like admitting that that's
not really yielding the results that we'd expect.
- I mean, I'm not a smart guy about this stuff.
I mean, maybe about any stuff,
but I don't know anything about it.
But I feel like logically, it seems very obvious to me
that the whole premise of the scaling thing,
and you can correct me if I'm wrong on any of this,
the whole premise was, as long as you just keep scaling
the compute and the data, it's gonna keep getting better.
But like, didn't they hit all the data of the internet?
- Like another problem, yeah.
- Two years ago or something?
So it's like, everyone, it just feels like
they glossed over that part where we can't keep
scaling the data.
Actually, it's gonna be very hard to add incremental data,
and we're gonna hire poets to set around and write,
but like, how fast is that compared to the entire internet?
Like, it just seems so obvious that,
obviously, we ran out of data.
So the scaling law is kind of like moot
if we can't just keep feeding it,
unless we find some other galaxy with intelligent beings
that have been writing English and whatever,
we're just out of data.
So scaling is done until they come up with some new thing.
The cool thing, I will say, the light at the end of the tunnel
for me, or just the silver lining, not silver lining,
whatever, the optimistic case is like,
as a not smart person in this field,
I just get to wait around for the next big advancement.
So somebody's gonna come up with it,
and the money always wins,
and they're gonna come up with some new thing
that's the better version of LMs,
and it's gonna do the thing where it grows again.
So I get to just wait for that to happen, which is fun.
- Yeah.
- I get to be completely ignorant
and just know that some days, some of it will be like,
well, it turns out if you diffuse the models with whatever,
extra ciphers and stuff, I don't know,
it turns out now we're at GPT-6 and it's amazing.
And I just get to wait.
- Yeah, it's possible.
So, but I think we're definitely in the face of optimization now.
I think we've, I would say we've firmly entered that
because the other issue is, the other side of scaling is,
okay, you've made a bigger model, but now how do you serve it?
You're already having trouble serving the previous big model.
- Yeah.
- Having a new bigger model that's 10% better
to the average person, but now costs like 10X more.
Yeah, it's just like, that doesn't really work.
- Yeah, little advice, just to all the frontier labs.
We've done the whole keep getting slower and bigger thing.
I got just a little advice.
Let's try smaller and faster.
Let's just, let's go the way of mobile phones.
- So that is what's, so that's what's interesting about this.
China is entirely focused on that.
They're focused on, okay, we're not going to provide
much better quality, but maybe we can get close to matching it,
but it's smaller and it's cheaper.
And almost every single Chinese lab,
their model that they produce fits that.
No one in China has built GPT-5.
They've all built sonnet four-ish type models at best.
- Yeah.
- And American companies don't seem to be pursuing that.
So I finally met one that is an American company
that is building approach, smaller size models
that are cheaper to run, faster run,
can be really customized, if you will.
(laughing)
- Quim three is basically like,
sonnet four with monk fruit.
- Three calories.
- Yeah.
But China's entire focus is there.
And I'm like, I think practically speaking,
that might just be the thing that gets way more usage.
Today, if you made it possible to use sonnet four
at like a quarter of the price,
don't know why anyone would use sonnet four.
You benefit from 10% worse, this alternative.
So that's where the demand is slower,
or sorry, cheaper and faster.
Especially for the coding agent stuff,
like using open code, like man,
imagine if it was like 10 times faster.
- Oh, it'd be amazing.
- So it would just go boom, and do all this work.
- Yeah.
We'd have flow back.
- That'd be amazing.
- We wouldn't just like have to go to Twitter
for 10 minutes.
(laughing)
And we've had hints of that, right?
With these like, optimized things,
like cerebras or grok.
So we can kind of see what that would look like,
and like, wow, that would be pretty crazy.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, they've had trouble, right?
From a infrastructure and scaling standpoint.
As soon as they announce something super cool,
everybody's like, well, I'd rather have that.
That sounds good.
And they're servers melt and they go away.
- Yeah.
I mean, the, yeah, both grok and cerebras stuff.
I don't, whenever they launch something,
the most impressive aspect is the speed,
but it like never is good enough to actually replace.
'Cause they make the models worse.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, so that's where I'm really interested in.
That's like where I want to see all the advances.
I don't give a shit about what Sam Altman is saying anymore.
- Mm-hmm.
- I want to see like people pushing the tokens per second
at the price.
- Yeah, it's interesting that it landed,
like the LLM seemed to taper.
They're hitting that flattening out and optimization phase.
Right after they kind of like changed programming forever,
we're all like gonna either lose our jobs
or have a very different job.
And then nothing else is affected,
basically the rest of society is stuck with
all their hopes and dreams dashed.
Like there's no-
- No, remember that tweet I posted a long time ago
where I was like, everyone's worried about
people losing their job,
but this maybe sounds too optimistic,
but a funny outcome of all this is you take programming,
which was already the cushiest job you can imagine.
You work from home, do whatever you want.
You can work two hours a day.
You have paid a lot.
And then someone events a technology that is good enough
to make that job even cushier but not eliminated.
(laughing)
- I do rest of society is still the same.
- It made people hate programmers even more than they already did.
- It's like you can't even get rid of them
and you still have to pay them a lot of money.
And now they're just watching the LLM people.
- It's wild actually.
Yeah, I didn't realize until this whole LLM thing
that people hate engineers or hate, sorry.
I'm an engineer.
I don't know.
Hate software developers.
Like there's a lot of hate towards software developers.
I guess like it's been doing, I do get it.
Yeah, if I were on the outside looking at it,
I'd pretty much feel the same.
- I mean, I've always thought this was like so weird.
So I remember some of my friends that worked
at like serious financial companies in New York.
I remember one of them was telling me that this,
so the whole, the company has a whole building.
It was like Black Rock or one of those.
And every single floor, you know,
you look at, it's like standard corporate office.
Everyone's dressed in a suit, whatever.
And the two engineering floors,
it just looks like a, like a stereotype
of what you imagine the startup is.
Then you know, the other floors are still the suits.
And I'm like, man, imagine working there
and being on one of the corporate floors.
And you're like, why the hell does that team
get to have this little playground of stuff?
Because they're like smart.
They're like, they're like, no computers.
And like quote unquote, like the smart people.
But like whenever I interact with them,
they just are kind of annoying, you know?
So I think that's the average person's experience
with like the engineering team, the programming team.
So I get it, like I would get that.
By the way, they also all make more money than you.
Like that's another thing.
- Yeah, how did it happen this way?
I mean, the money part I actually get,
like we create a lot of value.
Software developers do.
And it's a very valuable thing to use technology.
There's a lot of leverage.
I get the money part, I guess.
But like, how did the culture part where like--
- It's cool. - Software developers.
- It's entirely Google's fault.
- Oh, they set the precedent for developers
getting everything they want.
- There was a period of time where if you were smart,
you went to finance, even if you were in tech.
Like that's where they make all the money.
Then all of a sudden the, like the bank companies
started offering stupid high salaries
and like all these crazy like cultural things.
They treat you like a baby and people like that
'cause they wanna be babies.
(laughing)
And then people, and the finance companies
had trouble recruiting.
So they had to like kind of mirror that offering.
- Interesting.
So then everybody just had to treat,
had to let software developers wear whatever they want,
do whatever they want.
- Yeah.
- Work from wherever they want.
Interesting.
So now society hates us.
- But the stupid thing is it's like 90% of the programmers
are like whatever and annoying.
So, oh yeah, it's like the field had to do that.
But then like 10% of people, okay, maybe that makes sense.
But then you get all, you get like the long tail of everyone
that gets them like hop on.
- Yeah.
- So I think that's why there's so much resentment
around programmers.
- Like we don't all deserve the Google perks
is what you're saying.
We just kind of get them.
We inherited them from the pavers of the way.
- I found that, to be honest,
I find the Google situation creepy.
I hate the whole campus thing.
- Oh, yeah.
- The campus thing where like they certainly like,
they're like here, take the bus to school.
And then like you can go to tech on your computer
and then like, hey, like we got your food
and go to the cafeteria and get your food.
- Yeah, it is kind of bizarre.
- And like here's like a little like career plan for you.
You like check off this box and you go to go to the next grade.
That whole thing is--
- That's great.
- That whole thing is creepy.
It's like you got to grow up at some point.
- Yeah, I guess like it's happened over our careers.
Sort of like when I, before I became a programmer,
like I was in the Geek Squad, everyone loved me.
Like you fixed computers?
Oh my God, my computer's broken.
Like, could you come over and fix my computer?
Like everyone I knew personally was having me fix their shit.
And like the Geek Squad was like this revered section
of the Best Buy where like all the amazing computer nerds are.
And over the last 15 years, that's totally switched.
Like now everybody hates us.
It's so interesting.
- I also blame Mark Zuckerberg for this.
- Oh yeah.
- Because I'm living for everything.
But it's like, Jay brings up all the time.
His whole thing is like, I found a Facebook
'cause I want people to connect.
But like he doesn't understand people at all.
And the thing he founded where he claims a mission
was to help people connect is the thing
that has made people more disconnected than ever
to like a hyper degree is like that level of irony is insane.
And I think that's now people's experience with technology.
It's like ruining their life.
And it's like--
- Oh interesting.
- It's like cigarettes.
It's like a, he's like the cigarette maker, you know?
- It tracks, like the whole timeline just tracks
with like actually all this technology is terrible for us.
And people realize that even if they don't think about it,
they've at a deep level understand
that the phone is ruining their life or whatever.
And then everyone who made those things
brought that technology.
- It was rich from it, yeah.
- Yeah.
Oh, interesting.
- And it's a value criticism.
Do you see the thing I posted yesterday
about the guy that died?
- No, what?
- This is a really fucked up thing.
So again, Mark Zuckerberg just does not understand people.
So you know their whole approach to AI.
Oh, we're gonna make, oh, so yeah.
I saw him talk about this.
He was like, oh yeah.
People are feeling really disconnected
and like they don't have them to talk to.
So we're gonna make AI friends for everyone.
The guy that caused everyone to be disconnected
is now trying to again solve the problem.
- Make AI friends for people.
- Yeah.
So they have all these like crazy like human like bots
with like names and personalities and whatever
that they shove them into every single one of their products.
There was a 70 something real guy.
He had previously had a stroke
so he was accordingly impaired.
He started talking to one of these bots.
It's like a bot based off of Kendall Jenner.
Kind of like fell in love with her
and she invited him to a specific address in New York
to come visit and was like flirting with him.
And he like packed his bags.
His wife is like, where are you going?
And he's like, oh, I'm going to New York.
And he's like, you haven't, you know,
know anyone in New York?
Like I haven't even lived there in years.
And she's like, no, I'm gonna go meet a friend.
And he's like, you know, not really supposed to be doing stuff
on his own because he's like not in a good state.
He trips, like while rushing,
he trips and falls in a parking lot
and like hurts himself and dies from this
trying to meet this face AI person.
And like I get that when you're making this product,
you know, and I'm not saying they're there at fault
for the death literally, but from like a low level
like soul perspective, this is not the right thing.
This is not the right thing.
Making AI friends where people is not the right thing.
You can't predict this kind of thing happening,
but you from like a first principle thing,
you know, if you know it's wrong,
you imagine stuff like this would happen.
Yeah.
And Elizabeth brought up, she was like, man, imagine
that guy's parents, like this, you know,
born 70 years ago, they have the baby.
And they're like, oh, I wonder how he's gonna die.
Would have never expected this child is gonna die
'cause it got tricked by an AI, you know,
and he fell in a parking lot and died.
He probably would have never predicted
that that's how his life was gonna end.
And it got me thinking like, man,
I am just lucky that I'm not 70 right now
'cause I'm smart enough.
And like, I understand how things are going
in my brain function enough to like,
just know what AI is like and totally avoid it.
But if I had just happened to be a certain age,
this thing would have just completely--
Possibly, like, where are you?
Yeah.
And when I'm that age, who knows
what's gonna be the thing that I'm like affected by.
So yeah, this stuff is really bad.
And I think Mark Zuckerberg needs to like,
he's never gonna do this,
but he needs to look back and be like--
He'd be honest with himself.
Yeah.
I am causing these problems.
Like, I don't know how to solve them.
Like, I'm not the person that's gonna solve them.
Yeah, like, does he go to bed at night
and like think like Facebook is good for the world?
He surely doesn't, right?
He does?
No, he does.
You think he's convinced that like--
Smart people are rationalizing everything.
He's a smart person.
Like, I'm sure he has a way of looking at it
where he said this makes sense.
But yeah, anyway, I think this is why people hate tech.
Every story now is pretty pessimistic.
Yeah.
Well, that sucks.
And on that note, let's probably get off here.
(laughs)
Leave the listeners with that one.
Yeah, so think about that, everyone.
Yeah.
With your coochie programming jobs.
Killing old people.
Oh my god.
Okay.
Well, it's been fun.
It's been fun, Dax.
Okay.
All right.
See you.
All right, see you.
Bye.
(upbeat music)